made a scout to everyone who served and was
I dedicate this video to a scout
it is this holiday
namely, because I myself was
scout for a while literally
five years here and decided to share my
impression of the past who had gone tion
times don't know exactly say here a
exactly when he served I served in the arch
those far network but actually far 67
parallel north i mean it was cold
in a snowdrift and who served then knows
I hope that all the same someone was
scouts their subscribers can and
future subscribers no matter I left
It has long been possible to serve it yet
after school and enroll not acted like
Usually it happens that it is there
Vorkuta is the most interesting when I'm
I come to call the recruiting station and
more precisely, even we have a machine muzhik
asked then if you know the type
english i said yes so type
what yasoppa
here later, well , why he
interested here he says
what are you going to type on
I certainly have a translator
surprise and typewriter translator well
then a particularly did not know what it is,
He said that the type of location of this
In general, that somewhere near our city
I will be like this when I came
Directly the day of dispatch
it was then that I learned something vorkuta though
and especially then did not know the Titans and learned
when you were on the train you look at it
window and see the sea city ​​at once
it becomes clear that it will be very cold
so well, here we come
there was not a particularly cold principle
We arrived in the summer of June brought us to
the training unit immediately saw someone there
I ask and call but then still did not know that
This past trailer thought this type
old servicemen there is one in the toilet
of them there we decided specifically
scare and not knowing but most kabuki went
man how then isolate not much
did such a typical
and incomprehensible to the future person here
but that's not the point
that is, he is the first person to say that
type now you go to the bath there
if the level of incentive is never
lean well respectively in all
thought the storm of another plan why be missed
it seemed like it
because in the army there is such a bullshit that
if the walker dropped them some shower
the object of its type can not lift well, as
in prison that if you get down on
throw there on takeoff to a clean place
there are already passers-by lift then wash but
this is not the essence
Well, we were engaged in the army
respectively
intelligence that is accordingly
I tell all this to the equipment
I will not and everything else you can go
to the site of the radio scanner dot ru valid and
there all this is already there to listen than
were engaged
Here, namely, listened to the air
space that is our main our
potential adversary
you know, so I listened
ikao international civil aviation women
i.e. these are international airlines
roughly speaking here that is i listened and
heard the aeroflot and various ie ours
since they are in English it says
my aeroflot fritatu let's say that
Japanese, too, all shorter
sit down and everyone is absolutely burning up
English in this international
roughly speaking the language
the main thing that we did not need to dry
oars not
civilian aircraft and so on
military that is bombers
various that is
flight to tankers together
tactical aviation that is up to everyones 16
so on here are American fighters
well, it was interesting enough about
judging I went through the shift need to post
there I ’m talking about hardware already
I will say what it was that is
Respectively big antenna it and so
Understandable which take your plane and
so on I had on lines in common
the complexity of 600 shifts that is there is very
I found it difficult that is on my
I practically sat and still
any of my two colleagues
because everything was constantly changing
here is one there hospital is about the second
where on vacation will go home that is tough
of course there were 600 wholes exactly at the end
already class jerked simply
well then everything turned so that me
wanted to stay on the lines on
I speak a shirt on a contract that is
principle what I did after living in
one and a half hours three and a half years on
here are my plans there are not
It turned out I went home that's the principle and
all that probably could tell
about the army and served here is something of interest
ask article can tell can
here and going to go in principle
nothing is terrible especially if you
eat vorkuta know everything is good there
Dolphins are not and when I arrived there was no
bullying
that is, the maximum there in Russian talas
pierced our period there spirits and rudely
speaking to the lasso too drank but
more strain the sheets you push up
still this principle for yours
use someone says to not favor going
squeeze pulling up like that here
thank you all for watching
Good luck, bye bye firewood vodka and here is shorter
food as you I will give you a path here
smoke eat hi lo low